# CifsTarget

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**HomeDirectory** | **bool** | Specify if the destination share is a home directory. | [optional] [default to null]
**Locality** | **string** | Specifies whether the CIFS symbolic link is a local link or wide link. The following values are supported: * local - Local symbolic link maps only to the same CIFS share. * widelink - Wide symbolic link maps to any CIFS share on the network.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Path** | **string** | Specifies the CIFS path on the destination to which the symbolic link maps. The final path is generated by concatenating the CIFS server name, the share name, the cifs-path and the remaining path in the symbolic link left after the prefix match. This value is specified by using a UNIX-style path name. The trailing forward slash is required for the full path name to be properly interpreted. | [optional] [default to null]
**Server** | **string** | Specifies the destination CIFS server where the UNIX symbolic link is pointing. This field is mandatory if the locality of the symbolic link is &#39;widelink&#39;. You can specify the value in any of the following formats:   * DNS name of the CIFS server.   * IP address of the CIFS server.   * NetBIOS name of the CIFS server.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Share** | **string** | Specifies the CIFS share name on the destination CIFS server to which the UNIX symbolic link is pointing. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


