# FcInterface

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Links** | [***InlineResponse201Links**](inline_response_201__links.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Comment** | **string** | A user configurable comment. Optional in POST; valid in PATCH. To clear a prior comment, set the property to an empty string in PATCH.  | [optional] [default to null]
**DataProtocol** | **string** | The data protocol for which the FC interface is configured. Required in POST.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Enabled** | **bool** | The administrative state of the FC interface. The FC interface can be disabled to block all FC communication with the SVM through this interface. Optional in POST and PATCH; defaults to _true_ (enabled) in POST.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Location** | [***FcInterfaceLocation**](fc_interface_location.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Name** | **string** | The name of the FC interface. Required in POST; optional in PATCH.  | [optional] [default to null]
**PortAddress** | **string** | The port address of the FC interface. Each FC port in an FC switched fabric has its own unique FC port address for routing purposes. The FC port address is assigned by a switch in the fabric when that port logs in to the fabric. This property refers to the address given by a switch to the FC interface when the SVM performs a port login (PLOGI).&lt;br/&gt; This is useful for obtaining statistics and diagnostic information from FC switches.&lt;br/&gt; This is a hexadecimal encoded numeric value.  | [optional] [default to null]
**State** | **string** | The current operational state of the FC interface. The state is set to _down_ if the interface is not enabled.&lt;br/&gt; If the node hosting the port is down or unavailable, no state value is returned.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Svm** | [***AuditSvm**](audit_svm.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**Uuid** | **string** | The unique identifier of the FC interface. Required in the URL.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Wwnn** | **string** | The world wide node name (WWNN) of the FC interface SVM. The WWNN is generated by ONTAP when Fibre Channel Protocol or the NVMe service is created for the FC interface SVM.  | [optional] [default to null]
**Wwpn** | **string** | The world wide port name (WWPN) of the FC interface. The WWPN is generated by ONTAP when the FC interface is created.  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


